I've been talking a lot about
web accessibility already.
It makes sense for me to actually
explain or give you a definition
of what web accessibility is.
Web accessibility means that every
single person, including those
with disability can navigate.
Perceive, understand, and use
websites, tools, and services
online without any difficulty.
Now that we've covered what web
accessibility means, I'd like to
introduce you to a concept called the
WCAG guidelines or the WCAG principles.
WCAG is a set of guidelines.
That are guiding the building of
accessible websites on the web.
So your guide guidelines that you should
follow when you are considering building
or when you are thinking of building
your, , making your sites more accessible.